Madagascar was one of the last places on
earth to be reached by human beings they
didn't get here till around 2,000 years
ago and then of course they were just a
few hundred fifty years ago there around
six million today that are 20
was it human beings who exterminated
much of the islands animals the elephant
bird as well as the giant lemurs did
they perhaps hunt them for food one of
the ways that you can tell whether or
not human beings
hunted an animal it's a look at the
animals bones this is the bone of an
extinct lemur the dates from about 2,000
years ago when human beings first came
to this island and when you look at it
you can see at the top there cut marks
so we know that this lemur was killed or
at least eaten by human beings who cut
the flesh away from the bone with some
kind of knife but the interesting thing
is although we also find elephant bird
bones hardly a one of the elephant bird
birds have cut marks so we can't really
blame the disappearance of the elephant
bird on hunters